# GAEN API ExposureWindow data

This repository contains data reported by the GAEN API gathered in a number of scenarios to mimic real world conditions.
Each folder contains json files which contains the result of one experiment and an image to show the ground truths..

`devices.csv` contains information about the devices used in the trials.

## How to read the json files

At the top-level, the fields `experimentName`, `lead` and `experimentId` are used for organisational purposes, 
`requestedConfigurations` isn't relevant to the `exposureWindow` method of data collection used in these experiments, and
so the most interesting information is under the `participants` field.

The `participants` field contains a list of the devices that were included in the experiment, and the results that each
of the devices uploaded. Each object in the participants list contains the id for the participant, the TEKs they shared 
and a `results` field. The `results` field contains a list of objects, each representing one data upload from the participant
device plus a timestamp. For most of the experiments we expect this list to be length 1.

In addition to the timestamp the results objects have a `counterparts` field, this field contains a list of all devices 
in the current experiment and all `exposureWindows` reported by the API for contact between the participant device, and
the device in the results list. These result objects can also contain a `reportType` field, but this is being hard set
and should not be considered.  

### Example
```
"participants": [
    {
      "deviceName": "Example",
      "temporaryTracingKeys": [
        {
          "key": "yxh7fhlnWZ41UY5M9V0Q8w==",
          "intervalCount": 144,
          "intervalNumber": 2669040
        }
      ],
      "results": [
        {
          "counterparts": [
            {
              "deviceName": "Example2",
              "exposureWindows": [
                {
                  "date": "2020-01-01T00:00:00Z",
                  "scanInstances": [ ... ],
                  "reportType": 1
                }
              ]
            },
            ...
```
In this example you can see the the `exposureWindows` generated by the device 'Example' for the contact made with the
device 'Example2'. It's worth noting that this is not necessarily symmetric, and when device 'Example2' is the participant
it may report different `exposureWindows` for 'Example'.

To understand the structure of `exposureWindows` please view the
 [GAEN documentation](https://developers.google.com/android/exposure-notifications/exposure-notifications-api#data-structures).
